# TheGamingRoom

The Gaming Room is an online game platform that currently only resides on android.  They want to expand their platform to many other devices.  They wanted to design a game client that will work on a server and interact with many other platforms through an API.  For the software design document I think the executive summary, design constraints, and domain model were put together concisely and were informative.  Working through the design document helps hone in the scope of the project.  I felt pretty lost at the beginning of the term thinking about how huge the project would be but after putting together a plan and the clients constraints it paints a better picture of what actually needs to be done.  I think with more research and practice I could do better with the evaluation portion of the document.  There were sections that I felt I was not confident in answering but as I learn more about servers and OS I will be better equipped in the future.  I was able to interpret the user’s needs by reading through the clients view of what the end result should look like and putting myself in the user's shoes.  I had to ask myself what would be a good experience for the user while meeting the clients needs and budget for the project.  Lastly, in order to build the application I had to utilize standardized design patterns and UML charts provided for the project.  By evaluating the design and creating plans beforehand it is much easier to implement the project then designing as you code.
